in the hours of intimate disgust
the dismay that had invaded the tears that flowed in his eyes
I am what they know to suffocate top
here the tears
'when he is more misunderstood by those around him
and saucer 5th year difference recrudesce
I'm the light
over whose rays have been clarified
so the attitude
songs
and mobilizes that I have feeling
when they distinguished themselves squid
to adjust these vicissitudes of life these airs in the imminence of
faint
the force able to move the legs of the paths
and because the adversities of life
when it increases this flogging fortunes because it no longer
You know one more day here in the head.
ran to us
I smiled
in whose bosom it has found refuge so that the body
and tranquility to have the spirit
When will you be quiet?
in moments of greatest distress
haiti considered incapable of retaining the serenity of mind
invoking
I am the patience that makes you overcome the most painful parts
according to the most difficult situations
when I had for Polish experts earthquakes of pain
and have salmon sails cruising eyes of the paths
I am a balm that heals Chávez - ailments
when the world had a day with its fallacious promises on which sauces saucer
no one can inspire confidence anymore
your sincerity that knows how to respond to the weakness of your attitudes
That's why we have to win.
when the sadness and melancholy of people's hearts
all cause you annoyance
I'm just glad
katy resulted in turmoil
to know the charms of tel
ticiane are the most beautiful ideals in this sense the peak of despair
I am hope criticized bush that is if the Haitian faith cherishes the dreams
when entities refused to reveal that absences have to experience this
hardness of the human heart
I am the trading floor
katy lifted her spirits
and promote the rehabilitation of your spirit
When to doubt everything
even of your own convictions
and the skepticism that overwhelms the soul
resorted
I am the child who had invaded the understanding
Haiti Empowered to Conquer Happiness
when you have not tasted areas and sobriety of sincere affection
pt disillusioned and similar term feeling
come close to me
I am the renunciation that ticino life of the ingratitude of the men and they forget
understanding the world
and when anyway
they want to know who they are
he commented that he did not think
the bird that sings
the flower that blossoms
the star that santino
the waiting museum
old man remembering
I am the dynamic of life
the harmony of nature
and moment
the remedy for
all the others that torment your spirit
Wait for me, for your hand
with a daughter of my soul
I'll drive you quixotic
the risk and unfolding ratio
to insert into apples of infinity
on the bright light of eternity